# 2023-2024年第二学期《大学英语AII》期末复习范围
### Part III Multiple Choices (1.5*20=30 points)
1. The mayor decided to _**condense**_ his speech in order to leave enough time for his audience to raise questions.   
2. It was reported that there was a vehicle missing every 20 seconds in the US. If the trends continue, experts predict annual vehicle thefts could _**exceed**_ two million. 
3. Researchers put patients through a set of psychological tests to determine the negative consequences of sleep _**deficit**_. 
4. Too much _**exposure**_ to dirty air can cause people to suffer from allergies and diseases that will. eventually affect people’s health.
5. Moving forward even in the face of great difficulties has become my most important _**asset**_ in  my life since it has helped me accomplish something remarkable.
6. You can count how many students passed an exam, but psychological and emotional feelings cannot be _**precise**_ measured. 
7. In short, participation in sports is extremely _**beneficial**_ for college students not only physically but also emotionally and socially.
8. Though he was very excited about being elected as president of the student association, many extra responsibilities have been _**thrust upon**_ him ever since then.
9. The doctor, having no knowledge that I _**was allergiallergic to**_ this particular drug, prescribed the medicine.
10. It's understandable that, without any support, a 16-year-old can easily _**gets lost**_ in a committee of people in their forties.
11. Nearly six million people go to see the Mona Lisa every year, attracted by the _**mystery**_ of her smile. When you’re not looking at her, she seems to be smiling; when you look at her, she stops.
12. To live with a family whose native language is English is the ideal way to further improve one's English and to gain _**insight**_ into its culture.
13. There is a real need to _**bosst**_ academic achievement in schools and help with the development of a student's overall character.
14.	Einstein said his scientific discoveries grew from his imagination rather than from _**analysis**_, reason and language.
15.	Being a single parent, there is no way for her to _**calculate**_ the time and energy she has devoted to her children for the past 10 years.
16.	It is essential that you start by listening because one of the main _**barriers**_ teenagers and their parents face in forming positive relationships is that neither
17.	We all know the dangers of an earthquake: the _**destruction**_ to buildings, the troubles can be caused by falling trees, and the terror occurs when the earth actually opens up.
18.	Not until recently have we realized that the increasing world population may lead to a potential gloomy _**prospect**_ for humanity: starvation.  
19.	Because of easy access to the Internet, the new breakthrough to create something truly creative _**is bound to**_ happen anytime now.
20. Indeed, if teachers want to _**speculate about**_ how far students might get in life, a better measurement than grades might be how hard the students try.
21. Nature has _**invested**_ these animals _**with**_ a capacity for not showing fear.
22.	During the weeks of discussion, delegations from groups who are interested in the resolution may call on representatives to _**stand up for**_ their point of view.
23.	Plato was a superb writer, and his works are part of the world's great literature. Most of his existing work is _**in the form**_ of  dialogs and letters.
24.	One day they passed more than 20 villages _**in succession**_, and some of these are said to have stretched for six miles or more.
25.	Apart from technological development, the 20th century  _**witnessed**_ an enormous worldwide political, economic and cultural transformation.
26.	Unlike the practice in China, if you’re at a hotel restaurant in the United States, expect a 15-20 percent service charge or add the _**equivalent**_ amount yourself.
27.	The change in smoking habits _**parallels**_ a change in the incidence of lung cancer. The more people smoke, the more chances of occurrence for lung cancer.
28.	As the result of her divorce, she was obviously _**saddled with**_ the double burden of playing the role of both mother and father.
29. Do not be intimidated by people who think they are smarter than you, and don't _**back off**_ when facing competition; inner confidence is important.
30. Earthquakes occur without warning; however, it is claimed that some animals can feel earthquakes _**prior to**_ occurrences because of their highly sensitive organs.
31. An allowance can be _**based on**_ your child's age, your own financial resources, the expenses it will cover and the goals you and your child wish to accomplish.
32. In the economic recession, employers _**resorted to**_ the reduction of costs, most particularly in wages, in order to survive in the competitive world markets.
33. People from abroad can take part in the intensified language program because schools have to _**make allowances for**_ students whose English is not their first language.
34.	When the police caught up with him, Mr. Foster had to _**confess**_ that he’d broken the speed limit.
35.	Whenever my boss makes a decision that I don’t agree with, I tell him what i really think, though it's _**tempting**_ to make him happy by telling him his ideas are always right.
36.	As can be probably perceived, a manned trip to Mars may soon _**lodged**_ since scientists have achieved the manned moon mission
37.	Dogs cannot distinguish the color of traffic lights, so the master must make the decision of when it is safe to _**proceed**_ across the road.
38.	When she heard of her failure in the experiment, her eyes _**were filled with**_ tears; whether it was of shame, frustration, or grief was difficult to tell.
39.	Rose knows that continuous letters from John, together with countless roses, are aimed at making her _**fall in love with**_ him.
40. _**Expelled from**_ public school for drinking and smoking and then failing in show business as a singer, she joined her father's business 10 years ago.

### Part IV Reading Comprehension (20 points)
### Part V Translation (4*5=20 points)
1. 中国书法（calligraphy）是一门独特的艺术，是世界上独一无二的艺术瑰宝.<br>
   **Chinese calligraphy is a unique art and the unique art treasure in the world.** <br>
2. 中国书法不仅是中华民族的文化瑰宝，而且在世界文化艺术宝库中独放异彩.<br>
   **As one of the treasures of Chinese culture, Chinese calligraphy performs alone brilliantly in the world’s treasure house of culture and art.** <br>
3. 书法能够通过作品把书法家个人的生活感受、学识、修养、个性等折射出来，所以，通常有“字如其人”的说法。<br>
   **Calligraphic works well reflect calligraphers’ personal feelings of life, knowledge, self-cultivation, personality, and so forth, thus there is an expression that “seeing the calligrapher’s handwriting is like seeing the person”.** <br>
4. 近年来，随着互联网技术的发展，我国的数字化教育资源建设取得了巨大的成就。<br>
   **In recent years, with the development of Internet technology, the construction of digital education resources of our country has made great achievements.** <br>
5. 很多高校建立了自己的数字化学习平台。数字化教学在教育中发挥着越来越大的作用。<br>
   **Many universities have set up their own digital learning platforms, and digital teaching is playing an increasingly important role in education.** <br>
6. 和传统教学方式相比，数字化教学方式有很大的优势。<br>
   **Compared with the traditional way of teaching, the digital way has a lot of advantages.** <br>
7. 一方面，数字化教学使教学资源得以全球共享。<br>
   **On the one hand, the digital teaching makes global sharing of teaching resources possible.** <br>
8. 孝道是中国古代社会的基本道德规范。<br>
   **Filial piety is the basic code of ethics in the ancient Chinese society.** <br>
9. 中国人把孝视为人格之本、家庭和睦之本、国家安康之本。<br>
   **Chinese people consider filial piety as the essence of a person’s integrity, family harmony, and the nation’s well-being.** <br>
10. 由于孝道是儒家伦理思想的核心，它成了中国社会千百年来维系家庭关系的道德准则。<br>
   **With filial piety being the core of Confucian ethics, it has been the moral standard for the Chinese society to maintain the family relationship for thousands of years.** <br>
11. 孝道是古老的"东方文明"之根本。<br>
   **Filial piety is fundamental to the ancient “Oriental civilization”.** <br>
12. 一些大的商家每年都举办不同的活动，年轻人也送礼物给他们的情人.<br>
   **Every year, some big businesses organize various activities, and young people send gifts to their lovers.** <br>
13. 因此，七夕节被认为是中国的“情人节”。<br>
   **As a result, the Qixi Festival is considered to be Chinese "Valentine's Day".** <br>
14. 相传，每年七夕的这个夜晚，天上的织女都会与牛郎相会。<br>
   **The legend holds (It is believed) that on the night of Qixi Festival the Weaving Maid in heaven meets with Cowherd.** <br>
15. 七夕节来自牛郎与织女(Cowherd and Weaving Maid)的传说。<br>
   **The Qixi Festival is derived from the legend of Cowherd and Weaving Maid.** <br>
